in that day a fountain shall be opened
in that day a fountain shall be opened for the house of David and for the
for the house of David and for the
for the house of David and for the inhabitants of Jerusalem for sin and for
inhabitants of Jerusalem for sin and for
inhabitants of Jerusalem for sin and for uncleanness it shall be in that day says
uncleanness it shall be in that day says
uncleanness it shall be in that day says the Lord of Hosts that I will cut off
the Lord of Hosts that I will cut off
the Lord of Hosts that I will cut off the names of the idols from the land and
the names of the idols from the land and
the names of the idols from the land and they shall no longer be remembered
they shall no longer be remembered
they shall no longer be remembered I will also cause the prophets and the
I will also cause the prophets and the
I will also cause the prophets and the unclean spirit to depart from the land
unclean spirit to depart from the land
unclean spirit to depart from the land it shall come to pass that if anyone
it shall come to pass that if anyone
it shall come to pass that if anyone still prophesize then his father and
still prophesize then his father and
still prophesize then his father and mother who begat him will say to him you
mother who begat him will say to him you
mother who begat him will say to him you shall not live because you have spoken
shall not live because you have spoken
shall not live because you have spoken lies in the name of the Lord and his
lies in the name of the Lord and his
lies in the name of the Lord and his father and mother who begat him shall
father and mother who begat him shall
father and mother who begat him shall thrust him through when he prophesies
thrust him through when he prophesies
thrust him through when he prophesies and it shall be in that day that every
and it shall be in that day that every
and it shall be in that day that every prophet will be ashamed of his vision
prophet will be ashamed of his vision
prophet will be ashamed of his vision when he promises they will not wear a
when he promises they will not wear a
when he promises they will not wear a robe of coarse hair to deceive but he
robe of coarse hair to deceive but he
robe of coarse hair to deceive but he will say I am no prophet I am a farm for
will say I am no prophet I am a farm for
will say I am no prophet I am a farm for a man taught me to keep cattle from my
a man taught me to keep cattle from my
a man taught me to keep cattle from my ewes and one will say to him what are
ewes and one will say to him what are
ewes and one will say to him what are these wounds between your arms then he
these wounds between your arms then he
these wounds between your arms then he will answer those with which I was
will answer those with which I was
will answer those with which I was wounded in the house of my friends awake
wounded in the house of my friends awake
wounded in the house of my friends awake o sword against my shepherd against the
o sword against my shepherd against the
o sword against my shepherd against the man who is my companion says the Lord of
man who is my companion says the Lord of
man who is my companion says the Lord of hosts strike the Shepherd and the sheep
hosts strike the Shepherd and the sheep
hosts strike the Shepherd and the sheep will be scattered then I will turn my
will be scattered then I will turn my
will be scattered then I will turn my hand against the little ones and it
hand against the little ones and it
hand against the little ones and it shall come to pass in all the land that
shall come to pass in all the land that
shall come to pass in all the land that 2/3 in it shall be cut off and die but
2/3 in it shall be cut off and die but
2/3 in it shall be cut off and die but one-third shall be left in it
one-third shall be left in it
one-third shall be left in it I will bring the 1/3 through the fire
I will bring the 1/3 through the fire
I will bring the 1/3 through the fire will refine them as silver is refined
will refine them as silver is refined
will refine them as silver is refined and test them as gold is tested they
and test them as gold is tested they
and test them as gold is tested they will call on my name and I will answer
will call on my name and I will answer
will call on my name and I will answer them I will say
them I will say
them I will say this is my people and each one will say
this is my people and each one will say
this is my people and each one will say the Lord is my god